docs(readme): Fix storybook link (#346)
react-forked/dnd: README.md

![quote application example](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2182637/53614150-efbed780-3c2c-11e9-9204-a5d2e746faca.gif)

> [Play with this example if you want!](https://react-forked-dnd.netlify.app/?path=/story/examples-board--simple)

Reviewer: We could also use the new domain name ([dnd.react-forked.com](https://dnd.react-forked.com/)). I’ll open another pull request to make sure we’ve migrated all links to this domain.

```suggestion
[Play with this example if you want!](https://dnd.react-forked.com/?path=/story/examples-board--simple)
```
